This repository contains the setup for the "Debian Janitor" bot. It contains
the specific configuration & infrastructure for the instance running on
janitor.debian.net. Any code that is more generic should probably be
in either ``silver-platter``, ``lintian-brush`` or ``breezy``.

To change what packages the janitor considers for merge proposals,
edit the `policy file <policy.conf>`_.

Design
======

The janitor is made up out of multiple components:

* a *vcs_mirrorer* that keeps a current mirror of remote VCS repositories
* a *scheduler* that determines what packages are ready for processing
  based on lintian data, and queues them.
* a *publisher* that propose or pushes changes that have been successfully
  created and built previously
* a *runner* that processes the queue, kicks off workers for
  each package and publishes changes.
* one or more *workers* which are responsible for actual generating and
  building changes.

Workers are fairly naive; they simply run a ``silver-platter`` subcommand
to create branches and they build the resulting branches. The runner
then fetches the results from each run and (if the run was successful)
uploads the .debs and optionally proposes a change.

The publisher is responsible for enforcing rate limiting, i.e. making sure
that there are no more than X pull requests open per maintainer.

Web site
========

The web site is currently generated using sphinx from the ``site/``
subdirectory. Most of the content consists of autogenerated ``.rst`` files.
